sort of pain right so the couple of
pieces there so it's a roller coaster
ride for you that from ok successful
career have a child had to start over
again not just learning management
system good money comes in
successful again only the problem is
that the success was driven from the
fact that this institute was driving all
of these students who you are but they
pretty much drove all the students that
they could drive to you at that point
but it didn't hear that they're so now
you know there's only as an accountant
in ireland and at this stage that kind
of all courses now there is you know
Excel 2007 65 now I could do an exalted
has 16 course and you know we punish
them users forced to be honest I
wouldn't really be offering anything
different to what they've already
learned in terms of pensions for
campaigns so I kind of what I decided to
do was I decided to help on you to me
for a while and if you were there or
sites but what I found with you to me
another course I just so you know I'm
still on just came to do I know digital
marketing experience you know so I
decided to do what I decided to take the
approach that is kinda have this thing
about that that's good that's going to
be understood that the Prime the fact
that they'll stay with us we give them a
good deal so you know the next step for
it when you qualify is to go on and
learn the tools on the same bookkeepers
so it was because of the lack of space
are new to me for me but Excel that I
decided to come up with some
and I can train people that are going to
want to take my ex so
that's where the moment I'm currently a
couple of course is launched on keepin
on you but for me the UT me platform is
kind of you know it's kind of stuck up
it's not where I want to be if I need
people like they're familiar I now
recognize a few of the names there will
be learning educators a lot of the stuff
that I do on that website you know I'm
looking at all these educational tools
and educational technologies and you
can't use them on you you know you to
music video based on what kind of
pitcher extremely long so you to me for
me
stop-gap it's you know built-in social
proof I'm basically I'm getting lead
just launched to be honest for the
Bookkeeping courses for which he
realized I'm going on you know people
are sign up to the newsletter and the
only people that know better website by
you to me you know you to be people on
the Bookkeeping courses so at the moment
I see you to me as a stopgap I see it as
a lead generator with the hope that when
I have my courses accredited with the
national bodies and I'll have to my own
site now considering using teacher
there's a few things I'm doing and I'm
hoping then quite a few of them will
convert over and you know I'm now ready
to mark Lawrence so starting this whole
year has been absolutely mental for me I
look Luke's nuclear heirs of John Luke
some content strategy I'm currently
doing a social media specialization
actually six milk milk social media
specialization is teaching college
actually makes it so much stuff so
because when I was teaching the first
time I do not have a chichi I knew
nothing about constant if I knew nothing
about instructional design I you know I
didn't even want to learn management
system also educational technology
now equipped hold hold hold he moving
forward that you know ok I made my first
course I made a good bit on the other
courses too but I'm hoping I can I can
also up more in the years to come
now that I'm equipped with all this
extra stuff I have behind ya so you've
gotten a lot more experience has got a
lot more experience because of this
roller-coaster ride that you're looking
to get yourself back on the upswing
again there are basically back to square
one
I need to create a learning management I
need something that's going to support
the tools that I want to be able to use
doesn't really support right now oh and
by the way what I'm seeing is that
really the greatest are already so many
so it's hard to use a different strategy
I know that I'm dealing with the
situation that in Ireland right now
these are the CPU that's not really I
can continue to push i've seen that I
might take advantage of the marketplace
there so let me come up with something
else I'm gonna go after people when
their students still get them into the
pipeline and all teaching courses in
then I'll see about being able to sell
them to excel courses after that for
their CDs
oh yeah that work I think imma go ahead
to launch my own LMS again and in the
process I'm gonna take all of these
classes so that I could learn more about
content to liberty in social
yeah yeah so it's keeping with this
marketing this is just the idea of how
far you're willing to push yourself out
of your comfort zone in the things that
you know how did you already know that
you're able to get some other pieces
together talking about the comforts so
we're in we're in 2015 or 2016 is almost
your folks happy new year and by the way
paul got another child at this point
that she does have a life partner at the
moment so she's no longer single mom I
got married this year and it's growing
on trees betray just after Christmas and
things are actually different in Ireland
right now
wanted to talk about what our goals are
for what she's going to do with this
platform that I into a little bit too as
you mentioned before about how she got
into teaching in the first place
based on her experiences with this young
woman had been murdered but the truth of
the matter is right now
talk about some nice figures that she's
earned some less figures that she's
hoping to earn but the reality is right
now what he went back and he wanted to
instill a CPA I still do my own CPD
courses seminars I do everything I have
to do I now I could walk at which
opt-out be paid about a hundred grand a
year no problem I'll be taking three or
four weeks to find a job and that sort
of thing I've been working now I'm not
going to say I don't work when it comes
to teaching online you know there's a
lot you know there's a lot of effort
building courses but what I was doing
before I was only bill 2010 wasn't doing
any of that you know I work in the my
time with my kids go to bed I spend all
day that you go wrong but I bring them
to their activities every day by texting
driver yeah I don't have time to work
all day every day I turn on my computer
and that's what ROM that I want to be
able to still have my whole days
children still be able to attend their
deputies I don't have to sacrifice
anything and I'm not sure what you're
doing here is that you got other factors
in your life that are driving choices
that you make sure you could actually go
back to your comfort zone
you could actually say you know what the
economy is good enough you're again I
can go back and get a county job of the
predictable income and again maybe
you're still gonna do some of the things
about the working hours that you're
gonna have a month maybe you know it's
you know when you're working you have
kids it's like a rat race if you're just
looking from one place to another time
and you know it's too hard it's too hard
this is a hundred percent and you know
it's not it's not always about a roses
you know this year because I had so much
and you know I knew I was going to be
winding down to professional training
academies that the bosnian huge pushes
my incomplete this year was also next
year
r is going to be probably about the same
as this year but then the year after I
hope and I probably have tripled the
income that I'll have next year
yes so you're looking to the future
you're laying the foundation for Danes
recognizing that perhaps right now you
are gonna get immediate payback but
you're looking at the bigger picture and
recognizing that down the road is where
some of the rooms will come to you know
there for you with the things that
you're doing one of the things about
learning how you're going in hindsight I
wasn't working on line of people and
find me on Google all my sails through
these professional bodies and I never
once stopped to talk to myself I need to
say well I did because I took on a
character but you know when that wasn't
working I didn't really cold start
marketing myself horny think I kind of
left it too late
how do I get your before this John
everything that I was doing this year I
wouldn't have to shortstop gap that I
have a moment so I died two years ago
started doing all these new educational
technology known that I was going to
launch this whole you know things will
be there for me but never existed at
that smooth